Update direct-routing-sbc-multiple-tenants.md (#2945)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/direct-routing-sbc-multiple-tenants.md

Examples:
-	Customers.adatum.biz – the carrier trunk which needs to be created in the carrier tenant.
-	Sbc1.customers.adatum.biz – the derived trunk in a customer tenant that does not need to be created in PowerShell.  You can simply add the name of the derived trunk in the customer tenant in the online voice routing policy without creating it.

> -   Carrier will need to setup DNS record resolving derived trunk FQDN to carrier SBC ip address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   A carrier trunk needs to set up a DNS record for the resolving derived trunk FQDN to the carrier SBC IP address.
```
